[SHIORI] I can't believe
it's already December.
It feels like
it was just Halloween.
It's not fair.
Then again, December means
that Christmas time
is right around the corner!
And Christmas means gifts!
[SHINOZAKI]
It's still a ways away.
And let's not forget
the office party!
I can be in charge of getting
drinks and a cake for us.
[SHINOZAKI] She really loves
all the holidays.
What are you doing this year?
Got special plans
for Christmas Day?
Not as of yet.
Since it falls on a weekday,
I think I'll just work.
Yeah, that's fair.
[SHINOZAKI]
It sucks I don't have plans,
but if I come into work,
I'll get to see Senpai
and that'll be worth it.
[SHIORI]
Ho-Ho-Ho.
Since my kohai is going to be
working on Christmas Day,
Santa Senpai will have to do
something special just for him.
Be sure to stay off
the naughty list until then!
Ho-Ho-Ho. Ho-Ho-Ho.
Uh. Oh, my gosh,
why did I just do that?
Hey, it's fine.
Don't be embarrassed.
[SHINOZAKI] I think her cuteness
stopped time for a second.
[SHIORI]
I'm so flustered
I just want to crawl
into a hole.
Ah!
[SHINOZAKI]
No, it really wasn't that bad.
Honest!
Hmm!
So, Santa Hayakawa?
Stop right there.
All right, I think we've covered
everything in the proposal.
We're looking forward
to collaborating with you.
If you have any questions,
we'd love to answer them.
Oh, no, you did a great job
explaining everything.
Thanks for your hard work.
Perfect. My associate Shinozaki
will be your point of contact
in regards to nailing down
a schedule
and he'll be in touch
with you soon.
Yes! I'm looking forward to it.
[MAN 1] And I look forward
to hearing from you.
[SHINOZAKI] [sighs]
I thought
I'd be more used to meeting
with clients by now.
Oh, cut yourself some slack.
It's a totally different
experience meeting a client
on their home turf.
But you'll get used to it.
With how well you did today,
I think it'll happen
for you real soon.
[SHINOZAKI]
Wow. Thank you, Senpai.
[SHIORI] Ah!
Are you seeing this, Shinozaki?
They're adorable.
Even for loungewear.
You're right, they are cute.
Especially that bunny one.
[SHIORI] Your bunny senpai
wants to know
how hoppy you are to see her!
[chuckles]
[SHINOZAKI]
She'd be almost be too cute
to handle in that outfit!
[SHIORI]
You'd look great in that one.
Don't you think so too?
[SHINOZAKI] Wait, what?
What makes you think that?
You mean you don't see it?
I'm surprised you didn't
recognize that hoodie.
It's almost exactly like the one
on the stuffed dog
we won at the arcade.
[gasps]
[giggles]
[SHIORI]
Ah!
Why am I trying to make them
look even more alike?
By that logic,
you should look just as great
in that bunny loungewear.
Uh! Because of Shiori the kitty?
♪
[SHIORI]
Got you!
[SHINOZAKI]
Ah! Buck buck-kaw.
[SHIORI]
Aah! Nope, I don't see it.
In fact, that sounds like
a terrible idea!
[SHINOZAKI]
Why's that?
Because I refuse
to be a perverted Senpai!
[SHINOZAKI]
Where did that come from?
[SHIORI] It's just,
I'm not sure how comfortable
I'd be wearing that.
[SHINOZAKI]
Yeah, same.
[SHIORI, SHINOZAKI]
Then again.
[SHINOZAKI] If Senpai
was comfortable with it.
[SHIORI]
If Shinozaki wore it just once.
[BOTH]
It'd be the cutest thing ever.
[gasps]
[BOTH]
I really wanna see that!
[FEMALE REPORTER]
Excuse me!
I have some questions
for the lovely couple!
Ah!
[FEMALE REPORTER]
I bet you're wondering,
"Why is this lady yelling
at me?"
and let me assure you
I have a good reason.
I'm a NyaTuber
and I'm interviewing
local couples for my channel.
So, yeah,
got any stories to share?
♪
[BOTH] The thing is
we're not actually a couple.
I have literally been
at this all day long,
and I still have yet to do
a single interview.
Why is it impossible
to find a couple in this town?
[SHIORI]
I don't know, but I'm sure
you'll find one eventually.
I could've sworn that
you two were a couple though!
If you aren't dating,
then what exactly
is going on between you?
We work at the same office.
Nothing more than that?
'Fraid so.
Sorry, we couldn't help.
Hmm! Okay,
then would either of you care
to confess your feelings
to the other right here and now?
[BOTH]
No, thank you!
Please, please,
please start dating!
I'll be your best friend!
Hey, would you please
let go of me?
Not until one of you
confesses their love
and starts dating the other!
I can't take another minute
wandering this loveless desert!
[SHINOZAKI] I'm very sorry,
but we can't do that.
-[female reporter crying]
-Now please let me go.
[SHINOZAKI] You're giving people
the wrong idea.
I'm begging you.
I have barely any subscribers
and get very few views
so it's not like
anyone's gonna see it.
[SHINOZAKI]
I'm surprised you'd admit that.
[clear throat]
If you need a couple that badly,
then I guess we have no choice
but to help.
-Ah!
-Wait, Senpai?
Obviously, we would only pretend
to be dating.
Yeah, that's totally fine!
It's not like the camera
can tell the difference.
-Oh, thank you so much.
-Can I do this?
-...saved my life!
-Pretend to date her?
[CAMERAMAN] Okay, we are
framed up and ready to go.
[SHINOZAKI]
It's amazing
how she can take
such a mature approach to this.
Meanwhile,
I'm barely holding it together.
[SHIORI] She clearly
wasn't going to be giving up
anytime soon
so I figured leaning into it
would be the best solution.
Except I have no idea
what couples are supposed to do!
Hm. Would it be better to think
of myself
as Shinozaki's girlfriend
or him as my boyfriend?
Do couples think about who
they are to their partners
or who their partners
are to them?
Let's get this started!
Our first question
is for the girlfriend.
Oh, great!
What is your favorite thing
about your man? [chuckles]
What's my favorite thing?
This is going to be embarrassing
but I have to commit.
If I had to pick one,
it would be how he gives 110%
to all of his tasks.
Ah!
[FEMALE REPORTER]
That is adorable!
I assume you two met
on the job then?
That's right.
Got to know each other
while working hard side by side?
Yup, right again.
[SHIORI] This is a lot easier
than I thought.
Okay. On to the next question.
So, where did you
have your first kiss
and what was it like?
This is not what
I signed up for!
You can't jump straight
from work to first kisses!
Oh? Do you think so?
Plus, we're only pretending
to be a couple
and asking questions like that
will give it away.
Then make something up.
Just tell me what you wish
your first kiss
with your coworker was like.
-Oh, no!
-Come on, think about it.
Well, if we're making things up.
[gasps]
It was at the office.
We were alone together
in the kitchenette.
[SHINOZAKI]
Not the kitchenette!
Now I'll never be able to keep
cool next to the office fridge!
[SHIORI]
Oh, no, why did I say that?
It almost sounds like
I've fantasized about it!
My next question
is for the boyfriend here.
-[chuckles]
-Ah!
[SHINOZAKI] I have to agree
to Senpai's premise
and then add to it!
But given my lack of experience
and being very uncomfortable
right now,
there's a good chance
I'll slip up.
What am I gonna do?
Ah! I got it!
We just had a seminar
about this.
When you need to be flexible
in your thinking,
you pretend to be someone else!
I'll play the playboy!
By pretending to be
a lady-killer instead of myself,
I'll be able to respond
to anything she throws at me
without breaking a sweat!
So, my life is a series
of meaningless flings!
So, what's your favorite thing
about your sweet little lady?
Let me think,
I've had so many squeezes
it's hard to keep track of them.
Um, who are you right now?
Ah!
I think the best thing
about this one is
that she hooked up with me
in the first place.
You know what I mean?
[SHIORI] Where'd you come from,
Shinozaki's hand?
Ah!
Oh, yeah.
She's a total animal
when it comes to efficiency.
This goddess showed me
there's something way sweeter
than a fat OT paycheck.
[SHIORI]
Ah! I'm in his arms!
But then, this would be
what being Shinozaki's
girlfriend would be like.
Wow that's so interesting.
So, where was your first time
together?
Excuse me?
At my place. Her second visit.
[SHIORI]
Uh! My second visit?
[SHINOZAKI] The first time
is probably too much,
even for a playboy.
[SHIORI]
Wait a second,
I've been to Shinozaki's place
once before in real life.
So then, what's going to happen
the next time I go there?
Hey, Shinozaki. You forgot
something back at the office.
[SHINOZAKI] Here again?
You know what that means.
[gasps]
I hope you're ready then,
Senpai.
To do what, exactly?
[SHIORI]
No! That is still way too soon
for anything along those lines!
Hm! If Shinozaki can say
such shameless things
without hesitation,
then he's clearly not the man
I thought he was.
[both sigh]
[SHIORI]
Ah!
[gasps]
If I had to pick one thing,
it would be how he gives 110%
to all of his tasks.
Uh! I'm so silly.
He's doing such a good job
he nearly fooled me too.
But he's just doing
what he always does
and giving it everything
he's got.
You truly are something special.
And a kohai
that I can be proud of.
♪
Now let's wrap this up
with a kiss!
Ah!
Oh, yeah. Sure. I will kiss her
as I have done before.
What do I do?
What do I do? What do I do?
[SHIORI]
I've got to give it my all too.
[gasps]
♪
[SHIORI] As his senpai, I've got
to support him in any way I can.
Thanks, Shinozaki.
Just don't push yourself
too hard, okay?
Yeah, sure.
Did you guys get everything
you needed?
I'm like, forever grateful
to you both. You have no idea.
-[sobs]
-[CAMERAMAN] I don't get it.
How are those two
not already a couple?
Uh! Now,
time to take a quick break.
I'll scroll for a bit
and see what pops up.
Uh! This can't be real!
[SHINOZAKI] They said
they didn't have a lot
of subscribers.
[SHIORI] They said
they don't get many views,
so no one would see it.
[BOTH]
We got played.
You know I saw your video!
So, why didn't you two tell me
that you were dating?
-'Cuz we're not!
[SHIORI] Here's a hot coffee
and a warm senpai
to make you nice and toasty.
[SHINOZAKI]
Wow, that's kind of you.
[SHIORI] And we're back
with more My Tiny Senpai.
Everyone! Listen up!
I appreciate all your hard work
this year.
So, I want you to drink up
and enjoy yourselves.
It is Christmas after all!
So, let's drink to our success,
to the future,
and Santa's generosity!
Merry Christmas!
Cheers!
[ALL]
[laughing, murmuring]
[AKINA]
Shinozaki, you're so Shinozaki.
[HAYAKAWA]
That can't be true.
[SHIORI]
Ah, you got me!
♪
-[SHINOZAKI] Senpai!
-Huh?
Are you calling it a night?
I'm going home too.
Do you want to walk
to the station together?
Uh! That sounds great.
♪
The party was a lot of fun,
wasn't it?
Yeah, and the food they had
was incredible too! And Santa!
Merry Christmas
to all the boys and girls.
I was surprised that
he had the complete costume.
I think he had the most fun out
of everybody there.
[SHINOZAKI]
Next year Senpai could be Santa.
[SHIORI]
Merry Christmas! [giggles]
[SHINOZAKI]
Glorious.
[SHIORI]
Looks like the whole city
is in the Christmas spirit, huh?
[SHINOZAKI]
Yeah, it's beautiful.
Do you have any more big plans
for the evening?
Not really, no.
Well then, since
it's a very special occasion,
shall we go somewhere
before we head home?
[chuckles]
[SHINOZAKI]
Yeah.
[SHIORI] Do you think
I can pull this off?
[laughs]
[SHIORI]
Oh, let's head over there next!
[SHINOZAKI]
Sure!
[SHIORI]
So, soothing.
[SHINOZAKI]
And so cute.
♪
It's beautiful.
[SHIORI]
It's like a sea of stars.
I've been meaning to come here
for a while.
This tree's pretty famous,
and I've been wanting
to come and see it
but I hadn't had the chance
until tonight.
♪
I'm glad that I got to see
it with someone, aren't you?
Oh!
[chuckles softly] For sure.
I'm also glad that I was able
to spend Christmas with someone.
Now it's special.
[gasps]
Why do I keep saying words?
Hey. Random question,
but where do you suppose
Santa Claus is at the moment?
Well, without knowing
which direction
he left the North Pole,
he could be pretty much
anywhere.
Yeah, I guess so.
Hey Shinozaki,
when you were a kid,
did you ever send
a Christmas list to Santa
to see what presents
he'd bring you?
I don't think so.
Oh, wait, yeah.
There was this one year
that I asked for a game console.
Except it turned out
that I got the wrong one.
But since it was from Santa,
I decided to try it out
and I ended up liking it.
[chuckles]
It never turned into a favorite
or anything,
but I had a lot of fun with it.
[chuckles]
I think my favorite part
of that story was
hearing how you've always
been a sweetheart.
I guess that's a compliment?
Do you remember any of the gifts
you got from Santa?
[SHIORI]
I'll have to think about that.
There was one year when I got
this adorable stuffed cat.
I loved it so much I wanted
to have it with me all the time.
I even brought it along with me
to kindergarten.
Which apparently,
I wasn't supposed to do.
[chuckles]
That doesn't surprise me
in the slightest.
I can see you doing that now.
[chuckles]
Even though
we've grown up a lot,
I guess deep down
we're still the same people
we always were, huh?
[chuckles]
[sneezes, groans]
If I had known
I'd be outside this late,
I would have dressed warmer.
[gasps]
[SHINOZAKI]
Oh, no! Her hands must be ice!
Maybe I should subtly guide
her hands into my pockets,
so she can warm them up?
[SHIORI] I'm so warm now.
Thanks, Kohai!
[SHINOZAKI]
No,
I should ask her first to avoid
any potential misunderstandings.
Um. Listen, Senpai.
[SHIORI]
Hmm!
[SHINOZAKI]
She had gloves the whole time!
Hm?
What, is something the matter?
[grunts]
No, it's okay. Just forget it.
Hey, Shinozaki,
your hands look super cold.
Do you not have any gloves?
[SHINOZAKI]
No, but my jacket is warm enough
that I should be fine with
just my hands in my pockets.
[SHIORI]
Not good enough.
Hold on, I'm sure
I have some extras on me.
[SHINOZAKI]
I should have seen this coming.
Aah!
I'm so sorry.
I'll bring you some gloves
in your size next year!
No, I'll be all right.
I needed to get a new pair
for myself anyway.
[SHINOZAKI] We've moved into
"next year promises" territory!
[MAN 2] Man, I'm getting sick
with how sweet the vibes are.
I told you
it was gonna be like this.
[MAN 3]
There really are "couples
as far as the eye can see!"
[MAN 2]
This blows so hard.
-When are we gonna find love?
-[both sigh]
[MAN 3] At least everyone here
is gonna stay warm tonight,
-if you know what I mean.
-[SHIORI] Ah!
[SHINOZAKI]
We should head to the station.
[SHIORI]
Yeah, you're probably right.
Uh! But before I forget, here.
[SHINOZAKI]
Hey, it's the loungewear!
When I was shopping
for gifts this year,
I remembered we both thought
that they looked comfy.
Plus, now I know
you'll have a cozy Christmas.
I've gotta watch out
for my kohai.
Wow, thank you.
That's so nice of you!
You know, it's funny.
I got the bunny one for you.
I love it, thank you!
Seems like we were really
in sync this year.
[giggles]
You know, something about that
makes me very happy to hear.
Me too. I remembered thinking
you might look good wearing it
and I kinda wanted to see
that happen.
Ah!
Well, I think it's time to head
in a homewardly direction.
If you want to.
Ah!
If you want to,
then we could show each other.
You mean, you want to... see me?
Hmm!
[gasps]
♪
[clicks]
Ah!
Curse the soul
who invented the flash!
Curse you I say!
Seriously?
-Hey!
-What are you doing over there?
[SHIORI] Oh my gosh,
have you been watching us
since we left the party?
Yeah, we were.
Sorry, about that.
But you two
were so sweet together
we had to see how it ended.
I gotta say, Katase,
it turns out you're a lot bolder
than I gave you credit for.
Good on you.
Ah!
Come on. I mean,
you were just talking
about modeling your new
loungewear for each other.
[gasps]
No, I didn't mean it like that!
I was thinking
that we could send pictures.
Wearing the loungewear I mean!
And you know that would mean
that we would... Um.
We'd trade numbers.
If you were okay with that.
I mean.
[all sigh]
Yes! I am okay with giving you
my contact information.
Right. Are you ready for it?
Yeah. Go ahead.
Want my number, Hayakawa?
No, actually. I'm good, thanks.
On second thought, I'll take it!
-[AKINA] Hmm!
-[HAYAKAWA] There.
Now we can text whenever!
-Huh!
-Ah!
[SHINOZAKI]
It's snowing!
[SHIORI] Uh!
I love a white Christmas,
it's always so romantic.
Me too.
It's a little cliche,
don't you think?
I'd like to think the universe
just wanted to give us something
special this Christmas.
I'd like to think that too!
How much snow
do you think we'll get?
[SHINOZAKI]
It'd be great if it piles up.
[AKINA] And then we can all
make snowmen together!
[SHIORI]
Ah! I love that idea!
[Hayakawa chuckles]
[HAYAKAWA]
I'm on the fence.
[AKINA] What ears
would you want, Hayakawa?
[HAYAKAWA]
Why are you talking about ears?
[Shiori humming]
[SHIORI]
Done!
Uh!
♪
[SHIORI]
It's shorter than I thought.
Maybe I'm a little too old to be
wearing this sort of thing?
Um! No, it's loungewear.
This is
how it's supposed to fit.
Besides, it was a gift
so I've gotta enjoy it!
Well, how do I look, Takuma?
I don't know why I was expecting
an answer from a stuffed animal.
♪
What would I say
to the real Shinozaki?
Thank you very much.